What else are you looking at, my face?
Is everyone talking about this cake there?
I do not even think it's cake, I do not think it 's
Stew
Let's see started well at the show here.
staff are welcome to the detail that
I am but it will not be there and today we
Let's do an experiment together.
is circulating on the internet a recipe
very mega ultra mega simple cake
with only three ingredients it only that
It's the simplest cake in the world right now.
thing I've seen on the face of the
land is an owner who takes no flour
The basis of this cake is very simple, I
I have 120 grams here and the 120
grams of crack schizzi I have three
eggs that were separated
half is separating whites and gems
so we have half half here and
I have here 120 grams of chocolate
melted white and will remember for you
white chocolate does not try to melt
because it could burn the
sugar and white chocolate is not
chocolate is a mixture of fat with
sugar only the guy does not have the
characteristics of a chocolate
ah I'll get a cream cheese put
here in the already melted chocolate in
Maria and I'm going to start
incorporate a business in the other or only
mix with each other nothing more
when you realize that your mix
It's getting homogeneous , you leave it there.
rest a little do not need
expect to cool
but it does not get very hot
not because you're going to put the
gems inside if it is too hot in
instead of gemstones incorporating together with
the mass what will happen will become the
Cooked yolk and you do not want it to have
two ways one is you play the gems and
Mix quickly, it's too hot.
or you get a little bit that those
I call it tempering.
you take a little bit of the mixture that
will use play within the gem story is
That
the little bit of mass that you
played in here and there her chances to
cooking are much smaller then o there
goes our 3 gems into the mix
now vigorously what we are going to
do it now
leave her aside for a minute take the
three clear and oh come here in
I had already put a little one
just to help because the
What am I going to do?
the drummer the whites in good snow
staff the agent who is a clear on snow
in point to firm
I mean, look, she's watching. She looks like this.
it even forms the dots
a raw egg and then the cool story that
You will incorporate this clear snow
in the mass you are doing you do not
will beat vigorously
You'll slowly put it but it's a
first mix of this one
for it will already begin to go to that mass
and the mass gets lighter now I can
put all the rest of the clear in snow
also incorporate what I like about
do to incorporate snow white
always take it from below and bring it up
An ice - cream gets caught from below
and is thus incorporated into the
few and your dough will look fluffy
you want a floph mass does not make
The way I 'm showing you I
I do not think there's going to be a cake from here.
maximum will be a cell phone a souffle
musicians edu
I'll love it if I 'm wrong.
cool is that if you discover things
then you will only discover things
new is what you think what you
you think you got it wrong
now we'll get a way that I
I chose a round to a
so there is no need to have
removable background
It's even better until I have not
I made this protection with the paper
butter take a look in here
Boot comes does not have paper there butter in the
background have paper butter
on the sides that is to ensure that later
I can get it right, guys.
take down now but here it is
watching things air balls in the mass
this is the guarantee that putin heaven will
stay very, very fan of the recipe
that I found on the internet is talking
that has to be done in a water bath
so I'm going to put my little apple
here inside
the water I used to melt the
chocolate that's hot I'll put
here and back until about half and
now the oven was already happening at 160
degrees to and are now 15 minutes to 180
degrees 15 minutes at 160 degrees and 15
minutes with oven off hot
with him still inside to get to the
point you need
Incredibly incredible staff, I do not
I have and I'm not sure we'll just go
knowing when to cut but give a
Look at this today and you do not look
I do not like cake
believed
Let's cut and see if it really is a
cake
the apple tree
op to draw the teco
comes closer the question is
growing eye on the grinding wheel face to
O that you know where it goes by honey
ease of the cake by the speed of
preparation and the bad science that
then tell me mine plays a jelly
of hot red fruit on top 11
This is going to be a sin
good if you liked this recipe is
Okay, as I approved, it 's just you.
subscribing to our channel gives a jewel
remember to leave your comments and
talk to us what you like that
You do not like it and if you have a
an unusual recipe so curious and so
simple and easy and practical to do
neither is that
Tell us guys, it's going to be really cool.
to do I'm more to use is this problem and
network and this one is the easy mega cake
of three ingredients I'm staying for
Here I go in this cake, bye.